Good test, what kind of test is it?
Beautiful, I am actually a man,
Just hold the show ball in your hand, and if you get it, you must complete his test.
Otherwise, they can only be distributed to the frontier.
Sent to the frontier, it would be better to have a girlfriend who is alone in the sect.
She is not only Jiang Jun’s daughter,
He is still the seal of Xiandi,
Now the remaining girl is Niumi.
Sir, please choose a test question.
I am actually a man.
can't see anything
Can I skip the exam?
Since you can hit the ball as soon as you arrive
It is necessary to introduce the test
Otherwise, it is the crime of deceiving the emperor
The crime of deceiving the king, brother
I don’t know something
This female demon Eun-jin
Your girl's
Sequencing process
It's His Majesty Qing Dian
How about disrespect?
That is the crime of deceiving the emperor
There is no need to go to the frontier.
We often disturb each other
Very suitable for doormen
But a blind date
This is life-threatening
Can I know the content of the assessment first? No
Need to show off to the lady
As long as you beat the lady, that's fine
I can't beat her as a man
eh eh eh eh
I won’t tell you
Here now we have high feet
Back then, he went from Shennan to become
A new mouth, that one
It was hard for me to speak just now
It's too loud. The next question depends on it.
By Gyeongguk Ten University Office
Set questions separately
Defeated the bannermen
You can pass
Department of Cultural Affairs and Anthology of the Year
Why don’t you like Huahua? Let’s take a bite of the next question.
Ask him to write down the medicine selection
Just let the lady buy the negotiation class
This is good, it’s just her
I'll take a bite first
I’m tired of the young master choosing to buy it in one bite.